Document OVNKubernetes (#422)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/architecture/networkplugin-syncer/ovn-kubernetes/_index.en.md

---
title: "ovn-kubernetes"
---

The **_ovn-kubernetes_** _networkplugin-syncer_ handler listens to Endpoints and
Nodes and connects to the OVN databases (OVN NorthDB and SouthDB) where it

> maintains the necessary resources for Submariner:

Author: Done.

* **_submariner_router_** logical router, handles the communication to remote

>   clusters, and has a leg on the network which can talk to _ovn-k8s-gw0_ on

Reviewer: nit: do we want to add a note about "_ovn-k8s-gw0_" interface?

Author: Based on the comments that I'm providing too much detail, I will skip :)

> * **_submariner_router_** logical router, handles the communication to remote
>   clusters, and has a leg on the network which can talk to _ovn-k8s-gw0_ on
>   the gateway node. This router is pined to the active gateway _chassis_
> 
> * Added routing **policies** to **_ovn_cluster_router_**, which redirect traffic targeted
>   to remote routers through _submariner_router_.
> 
> * **_submariner_join_** logical switch, which connects _submariner_router_ and
>   _ovn_cluster_router_ together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A logical router named `submariner_router` that handles the communication to remote
  clusters and has a leg on the network which can talk to the `ovn-k8s-gw0` interfaceon the Gateway node. This router is pinned to the active Gateway chassis.

* Routing policies added to `ovn_cluster_router` which redirect traffic targeted to remote routers through `submariner_router`.

* A `submariner_join` logical switch that connects `submariner_router` and `ovn_cluster_router` together.
```

> ## The handler architecture
> 
> In the following diagram, the **blue** elements are ovn-kubernetes native network
> elements, while the **yellow** elements are introduced by Submariner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates the OVN Kubernetes handler architecture where the blue elements represent the OVN Kubernetes native network elements and the yellow elements are introduced by Submariner.
```

---
title: "OVN Kubernetes"
---

> A specific handler component is deployed for the OVN Kubernetes CNI network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A specific handler component is deployed for the OVN Kubernetes CNI
```

Author: Done.

---
title: "OVN Kubernetes"
---

A specific handler component is deployed for the

> [OVN Kubernetes CNI plugin](https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[OVN Kubernetes CNI plugin](https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes).
```

Author: Done
